>> Brian Holt: So I've redone all this
stuff and by the way you now understand
everything about Redux or
at least heard about Redux.
There is a great talk
about what's simple and
what's complex versus what's easy and
what's hard.
Redux is simple in the sense that
there's not a lot to it, right?
You can actually write Redux
in about 80 lines of code.
It's really just storing an object and
giving it back at appropriate time.
So it's simple effect that
there's not a lot to it.
But it's damn hard, right [LAUGH]
dealing with reducers and thunks and
all this is an entire cycle, it's hard.
So if it feels hard that's because
in my opinion this is hard.
And in some places, perhaps
unnecessarily hard for state management.
But, so I guess I'm trying to say if
you're sitting there feeling this is hard
and I don't fully grasp it, I'm giving
you permission to feel that way, right?
It's okay that you feel that way,
for sure.
One more thing.
I wanna show you one of the big advantages
about Redux which is this little tab
right here.
The Redux Dev Tools.
So if you are on Firefox, just Google,
Firefox Redux Dev Tools.
Same thing for Chrome, Redux Dev Tools.
And if you're on Chrome, then Chrome
will work as well, Chrome Dev Tools.
They had it on Safari,
I think they stopped supporting that one,
I'm not actually sure.
The nice thing about the Redux Dev Tools
is you can actually embed them inside
of your application,
because it's all just React.
So if you're on something like React
native or something like that,
you can still have the Redux Dev Tools.
You can still have some
sort of extension for it.
Anyway, so
I have it installed here via Firefox.
And I can see here,
I can look at all of the actions that have
been dispatched to my,
>> Brian Holt: To my store,
so I can look here,
I did an init right there.
And I can see the state at this point.
I can see that it Seattle Washington,
no animal, no breed, and no breeds, right?
And then I can kinda walk
through this over time.
So there's the init.
Set animal,
cuz I've changed it from animal though.
In fact, let's just start over so
you can see well, how this works.
So, no matter what,
this at at init action will be dispatched,
that's when it's setting up your default
state which is why you have to settle
those defaults like I showed
you previously, right.
Then, I'm gonna change it to dog.
So we called SET_ANIMAL and then
immediately it calls SET_BREEDS, right?
Because it goes out to the API and
comes back.
So that's why there's two
different actions there.
You can see what the action looks like.
It'll actually give you a DIF right here,
which is quite nice, but
you can actually see the raw
action up here as well.
And then you can see the state afterwards.
>> Brian Holt: Which is compelling, right.
Pretty cool.
So if I change this to cat.
Again, you will see that.
If I change this to calico or
something like that.
You'll see that it's getting that and you
can see the state at this point in time.
Which is what we'd want to see.
If I change this to be San Francisco,
notice I'm getting
a location change every single
time that I type, right.
Because it's dispatching an action every
single time that I type, which is fine.
They can see this actions
are like half tight,
let's do something kind of fun here.
I'm gonna pull the slider here and I'm
gonna start watch San Francisco up here.
Let's start going backwards in time,
this is call time traveling debugging,
right?
Which is extremely compelling for
debugging things, cuz you can go
backwards and forwards in time to
figure out what broke in that process.
>> Brian Holt: And due to the nature
of modular transactional actions,
we can do that.
>> Brian Holt: So and I can actually like
you notice that now Seattle's there.
And now I can go back and
I can walk through.
And I'll unselect the breed.
I can change to different dog, right?
I can actually just have it
play through all the way.
So you can see what I was doing over time.
>> Brian Holt: And
that's pretty cool too, right?
>> Brian Holt: As you might have imagined,
time traveling is very useful for
debugging,
cuz you can actually identify the exact
moment in time when things break.
Really what this is actually doing is its
actually just removing all the actions and
replaying them to get
you back to that state.
Now you can actually even do,
lets just refresh this again.
Let's say I changed this to dog, okay?
And then I have maybe change this from
like bloodhound and then delete this.
And then change this to maybe something
else like Black Russian Terrier, okay?
So I have this Set_Breed, Set_Breed, and
then between the two I have
the Set_Location, I was like.
I wonder what happens,
like I want everything to be the same but
I don't want that Set_Location to happen.
I can actually say right here,
hey, you know what, skip that.
>> Brian Holt: Outside on the separate, I
wanted to do it on the location, this one.
So it'll be like that action never
happened, but everything else happened.
So notice that like the breed still
here is Black Russian Terrier but
I skipped the part where I
deleted Seattle, Washington.
So you can actually remove things in and
put them back in and
kind of see how that shakes out otherwise.
Now an experiment that I've
previously run is like,
I wanna see how customers
are interacting with this.
So whenever a customer
errored out of my webpage,
I dumped the ledger from Redux and
just sent it off to my error server.
So that I could actually see how customers
were crashing my application, right?
So that there's some idea around being
able to see exactly how customers
are interacting with it.
Because you can just look at the ledger
of how they're interacting with Redux.
And you can see the evolution
of your app over time.
Always be careful with tags,
cuz there's definitely GDPR and
privacy issues around that.
But it is possible.
Okay, I can dispatch actions on the fly.
There's a bunch of stuff you can do here.
But the last one I wanted to show
you that I find to be pretty great.
Right now I have my state,
which has no animal, right?
And I want to write us a unit test to
test to make sure that my change animal
works the way that I anticipate it.
So I'm gonna change this to dog.
And that worked the way
that I wanted it to, right?
So I look at this right here and
it went from being nothing to being dog.
This works the way I anticipated, right?
I feel good about that.
So over here where it says test.
I'm gonna click on that.
It actually generated a unit test for
me that I can just copy and
paste into my unit tests.
Test that write themselves.
That's pretty cool, right?
And maybe you're not using Jest,
maybe you're using, Mocha, Tape, Ava,
it has several different
templates here for you.
So all I have to do is copy and
paste this entire thing.
Just dump it into my Tests directory,
and I am done.
So this concludes Redux.
You now understand the basics of Redux.
There's more advanced state management
stuff you can do, again with Sagas.
It generally has to do with
more like orchestration
of asynchronous data sources.
The synchronous stuff is just this.
You can add additional middleware, so
it's like the apply middleware stuff.
There's like, logging middlewares and
error handling middlewares and
other things like that, but
this is the core library of
Redux that you've learned today.